# CS_340
# Client/Server Development
 - How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
   - Writing programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable will benefit in the process of continuation of the project in any environment. Maintaining the code is difficult, given there will be new requirements or possible errors in your future steps. Readability is important as well; You want to keep it consistent and organized for any new user to read it easily and for any revisions. Adaptability refers to the way the code can be updated for future purposes. It requires testing for the functionality.
 - How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
   - Approaching a problem as a computer scientist calls for much research in the concepts of the database systems. You have to understand the client-side of the code as well as the developer. For the Grazioso project, the search-and-rescue dogs were an example of the candidates required to be identified by a user such as a scientist doing research. Another strategy to use in the future to create databases includes categorizing the dogs and comparing to the available data as reference.
 - What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
  - Computer scientists develop and code the database. Creating the database helps many clients and users access the data with a user-friendly dashboard. Many companies will ultimately provide their requirements for the dashboard.
